[DOCS-9631] Add worker not starting to troubleshooting (#29505)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/troubleshooting.md

The curl command you use is based on the port you are using, as well as the path and expected payload from your source.

## Worker is not starting

> If the Worker is not starting, then Worker logs are not getting to Datadog, which means the logs are not available in Log Explorer for troubleshooting. To view logs locally, run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Worker is not starting, its logs will not be sent to Datadog and are not visible in the Log Explorer for troubleshooting. To view the logs locally, use the following command:
```
